
I'm Yehoshuva, a junior game programmer with good knowledge of back-end and front-end techniques, I love structure and order and I also stand for quality.
I am doing my B.Tech final year at Backstage Pass Institute of Gaming and Technology studying Computer Science and Game Development (CSGD).


 and I've been making games since I was 7. 
I published my first app on the App Store and Google Play when I was 15, 
and am currently a Junior Game & Animation programmer at Ubisoft (Massive Entertainment).
 I have recently graduated cum laude from Breda University studying Creative Media and Game Technologies. 

I have a strong perseverance for learning new things and taking on challenges,
 and I always like to put some extra time in polishing my creations, 
to make sure the creative vision is achieved in the best possible way.
 I've always been extremely curious in the technical side of games,



..................................................................................
AB's about.....
I am an allround developer.
 I am a junior programmer with good knowledge of front-end techniques.
 I love structure and order and I also stand for quality.
 I love spending time on fixing little details and optimizing web apps.
 Also I like working in a team, you'll learn faster and much more.
 As the saying goes: 'two heads are better than one'.
I'm obsessed with making things and even more obsessed with making things better.

There are some planned projects which i'm currently working so that I improve my dev skills as a result i'll be more confident in doing whatever so i'm doing..
and I wish keep my current working projects as confidential.

Game Desinger
Whether it be new approaches to game design,
 the state of the industry at large or just the release of an anticipated game,
 it all falls within my love and passion for our medium. 
Since designing new experiences requires a good understanding of what the market is looking for, 
I make a conscious attempt to play and experience as wide a spectrum of different games as possible. 
This is not limited to games, 
as I take time out of my day to look for inspiration in film, 
books, art or simply a stroll along the harbor. Creativity does not come from idleness, 
rather it must be nurtured and built through a wide set of life experiences. As a creative, 
I am passionate about bringing the worlds I imagine to life.
......................................................................................................
aman almadi
I am a student of Backstage Pass Institute of Gaming and Technology 
and I am doing my B.Tech.
 I am in my 4th year. I boast from Delhi.

About
My main skills would include Unity3D, Unreal Engine and Love2D game engines.
 Along with that I have a good grip on programming languages such as C, C++, C#, Lua, Python and Java.
 I have one of my games on PlayStore named as "AC Transmission". My rest of the portfolio can be found on GitHub under the profile name - IndiaWomble 